Hey
There was once a chance to become a god in front of me
Unfortunately, I didn't cherish it.
The most painful thing in the world is this
It seems
I'll just be honest and be rich
Zhao Zixuan
I knew it was you. Don't hide your head and come out
Hahaha, it's him, you can't escape
Zhao Zixuan, it doesn't make any sense for you to do this.
The misunderstanding between us can be solved
Why did you come to this step and misunderstand?
And now you're scared?
I'll get everything you owe me back
Play the sneak attack set, right?
Don't use stealth if you have the ability
Brother Tao
Hahahaha
Xu Tao, this is just the beginning.
Every day from now on you will be better off dead